update text generation docs. (#733)
huggingface/huggingface.js: packages/tasks/src/tasks/text-generation/about.md

This task covers guides on both [text-generation](https://huggingface.co/models?pipeline_tag=text-generation&sort=downloads) and [text-to-text generation](https://huggingface.co/models?pipeline_tag=text2text-generation&sort=downloads) models. Popular large language models that are used for chats or following instructions are also covered in this task. You can find the list of selected open-source large language models [here](https://huggingface.co/spaces/open-llm-leaderboard/open_llm_leaderboard), ranked by their performance scores.

## Use Cases

### Instruction Models

> A model trained for text generation can be later adapted to follow instructions. You can try some of the most used instruction tuned open access models like Mixtral 8x7B, Cohere Command R+, Meta Llama3 70B, etc [at Hugging Chat](https://huggingface.co/chat).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A model trained for text generation can be later adapted to follow instructions. You can try some of the most powerful instruction-tuned open access models like Mixtral 8x7B, Cohere Command R+, Meta Llama3 70B, etc [at Hugging Chat](https://huggingface.co/chat).
```

> A model trained for text generation can be later adapted to follow instructions. You can try some of the most powerful instruction-tuned open access models like Mixtral 8x7B, Cohere Command R+, Meta Llama3 70B, etc [at Hugging Chat](https://huggingface.co/chat).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A model trained for text generation can be later adapted to follow instructions. You can try some of the most powerful instruction-tuned open-access models like Mixtral 8x7B, Cohere Command R+, and Meta Llama3 70B [at Hugging Chat](https://huggingface.co/chat).
```

> A model trained for text generation can be later adapted to follow instructions. You can try some of the most powerful instruction-tuned open access models like Mixtral 8x7B, Cohere Command R+, Meta Llama3 70B, etc [at Hugging Chat](https://huggingface.co/chat).

Reviewer 2: I would suggest to not specify the models, as otherwise we'll have to maintain the list

Author: IMO, it's good to add the model names, helps with SEO I think. I'm happy to take ownership of this once every month.

When it comes to text generation, the underlying language model can come in several types:

- **Base models:** refers to plain language models like [Mistral 7B](https://huggingface.co/mistralai/Mistral-7B-v0.3) and [Meta Llama-3-70b](https://huggingface.co/meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3-70B). These models are good for fine-tuning and few-shot prompting.

> - **Instruction-trained models:** these models are trained in a multi-task manner to follow a broad range of instructions like "Write me a recipe for chocolate cake". Models like [Qwen 1.5 7B](https://huggingface.co/Qwen/CodeQwen1.5-7B-Chat), [Yi 1.5 34B Chat](https://huggingface.co/01-ai/Yi-1.5-34B-Chat), and [Meta Llama 70B Instruct](https://huggingface.co/meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3-70B-Instruct) are examples of instruction-trained models. In general, instruction-trained models will produce better responses to instructions than base models.

Reviewer 2: Qwen links to CodeQwen Chat

Author: Good catch! Fixing this.

Author: Fixed in the latest commit.

> - **Instruction-trained models:** these models are trained in a multi-task manner to follow a broad range of instructions like "Write me a recipe for chocolate cake". Models like [Qwen 1.5 7B](https://huggingface.co/Qwen/CodeQwen1.5-7B-Chat), [Yi 1.5 34B Chat](https://huggingface.co/01-ai/Yi-1.5-34B-Chat), and [Meta Llama 70B Instruct](https://huggingface.co/meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3-70B-Instruct) are examples of instruction-trained models. In general, instruction-trained models will produce better responses to instructions than base models.

Reviewer 2: I think some of these were RLHF-ed

- **Human feedback models:** these models extend base and instruction-trained models by incorporating human feedback that rates the quality of the generated text according to criteria like [helpfulness, honesty, and harmlessness](https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.00861). The human feedback is then combined with an optimization technique like reinforcement learning to align the original model to be closer with human preferences. The overall methodology is often called [Reinforcement Learning from Human Feedback](https://huggingface.co/blog/rlhf), or RLHF for short. [Zephyr ORPO 141B A35B](https://huggingface.co/HuggingFaceH4/zephyr-orpo-141b-A35b-v0.1) is an open-source model aligned through human feedback.

## Text Generation from Image and Text

> There are language models that can input both text and image and output text, called vision language models. [IDEFICS 2](https://huggingface.co/HuggingFaceM4/idefics2-8b) and [MiniCPM Llama3 V](https://huggingface.co/openbmb/MiniCPM-Llama3-V-2_5) are good examples. They accept the same generation parameters as other language models. However, since they also take images as input, you have to use them with the `image-to-text` pipeline. You can find more information about this in the [image-to-text task page](https://huggingface.co/tasks/image-to-text).

Reviewer 2: LGTM, but should be moved to a new task page + the new pipeline once it's shipped cc @merveenoyan

Author: SGTM!

> There are language models that can input both text and image and output text, called vision language models. [IDEFICS 2](https://huggingface.co/HuggingFaceM4/idefics2-8b) and [MiniCPM Llama3 V](https://huggingface.co/openbmb/MiniCPM-Llama3-V-2_5) are good examples. Although they work just like other language models by means of input parameters for generation, since they also take input images, you can use them with `image-to-text` pipeline. You can find information about the pipeline in [image-to-text](https://huggingface.co/tasks/image-to-text) task page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are language models that can input both text and image and output text, called vision language models. [IDEFICS 2](https://huggingface.co/HuggingFaceM4/idefics2-8b) and [MiniCPM Llama3 V](https://huggingface.co/openbmb/MiniCPM-Llama3-V-2_5) are good examples. They accept the same generation parameters as other language models. However, since they also take images as input, you have to use them with the `image-to-text` pipeline. You can find more information about this in the [image-to-text task page](https://huggingface.co/tasks/image-to-text).
```

Also maybe PaliGemma?
